---
layout: post
title: looking forward
date: 2025-05-13 09:59:00
description: Thinking about the future as I prepare to graduate.
tags: important
categories: musings
featured: false
---

As I write this post I am waiting outside a classroom at the university that I attend, as prepared as I can reasonably expect to be for the _very last_ final exam that I have before I graduate. It's something that I had stressed over the last few days. It's the last obstacle before I recieve my Bachelor's Degree, after all. But I'm prepared. I've done well in this class so far, and I'm going to succeed.

Even so, though, I think I would do well looking forward, past today, to think about what comes next. Because, after all, I have to keep moving forward.

I have a few job applications pending, but they've been waiting for quite a while. If I'm being honest, the job market is atrocious in my area at the moment. Every software development related job is one of three things: a senior position I don't qualify for because I don't have enough experience, a position that requires a security clearance that I do not have, or a job that I have _already applied for_. Even so, there's a few remote jobs I'm waiting on, as well as some jobs that are a little bit less related to my field of study that I've more recenty applied to.

I'm not all that optimistic, that's just the way I am, but I am hopeful. Because no matter what happens tomorrow, if I keep trying, I'll make it eventually. So I have to keep trying.